First batch of adding descriptions to the documentation (#14825)
netdata/netdata: docs/dashboard/visualization-date-and-time-controls.md

# Visualization date and time controls

Netdata's dashboard features powerful date visualization controls that include a time control, a timezone selector and a rich date and timeframe selector.

> They come with useful defaults and rich customization, to help you narrow your focus when troubleshooting issues or anomalies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controls come with useful defaults and rich customization, to help you narrow your focus when troubleshooting issues or anomalies.
```
